how
hello how about youtube friends today
I come with a new video tutorial about
how to download comments from
christian martinoli and luis garcía for
p6 in a single direct download link
the first thing they have to do is leave
to the description of the video and click
to the download link that is there at
finish the download will be a
rar file like this one after we give it
Right click and select extract
here
I'll leave you a file that's one point
they copy the downloaded file to their game
they right click on it and they select open
location of this file
from there they stick it in the data folder to the
folder to the top
they give in copy and replace
this will take a few seconds
if it does not work for you, try the same
procedure but now instead of
called is is a point more
will change the s before the underscore by
a
ah, of course, this video was made because
of the few videos that had this
their links were broken or something like that
remember that if you have any questions or
request leave it in the comments if you
served the video subscribe and give me
like good that has been everything we will see
in another new tutorial